Genshin Impact Area - Dragonspine	     	    		  
Dragonspine is an area in the southeastern part of Mondstadt. It is a vast mountain, engulfed with ancient ruins and snow-capped areas, and also containing the remains of Durin. The mountain was historically known as Vindagnyr prior to Durin's fall.
There are some peculiarities with how the snow gathers but never melts on the mountain. Due to its extreme cold, Dragonspine is also one of the most dangerous places in Mondstadt.
This is Dragonspine, an enormous mountain that holds the remains of the venomous dragon, Durin, who fell here after the battle with Dvalin. Few adventurers dare attempt to conquer this unforgiving environment marked by deep snow, sheer cold, poisonous blood, and monsters. But such things will not dissuade the star-faring Traveler from journeying here..
Albedo suspects that the sword Festering Desire is related to the dragon Durin, and may draw its power from the dragon's venom.
Long before Durin's fall, there existed a civilization called Sal Vindagnyr on the mountain. Much of its archaeological remains are centered on the Entombed City - Ancient Palace. There are also records contained on Ancient Carvings; and in the descriptions of the weapon Snow-Tombed Starsilver, as well as the catalyst Frostbearer; and of the Princess' Box, Priest's Box, and Scribe's Box; as well as frescos within the Mural Room where the Snow-Tombed Starsilver is found.Together they tell of a kingdom, a princess gifted with the power to foretell through visions and painting, and of a tragedy or fall of that kingdom. The fall is brought about by the Skyfrost Nail which falls and destroys the silver ley line tree on the mountain- this causes the change in climate from verdant to frostbitten. Artifacts found in Dragonspine tell the story of the Princess and people of that time, and the story of an outlander entrusted with the Starsilver weapon — when the outlander returns from his quest he finds the city dead and abandoned, and leaves the weapon in the secret chamber.
The decoded messages ("Record of Serial No.") found on broken Ruin Guards in the region may also be related, but also may relate to the fall of Khaenri'ah, from where Ruin Guards originate.
	  	  	       	      	   	     	     	    	   
     	    	       	      	  	      	     	      		    
   	 	       	 	  	 	     	   	 	       
  	   		    	 	     	    	 	  	 
       	  	 	       	    		     	       	  	   
    	     	  	     	    	    	      	    	      	  
      	   	 	 	  	  	   	       	     	      
      	   	       		     	      	      		 	    
  	      	    		  	     	   	      	   	  
 		 	   	     	    	      	    		     
      	   	       	     	  	     	      	     	      
	 	     	    	       	      	     	       	  	      
   	    	     	    	 	  	 	       	  	 
 	     	 	       	     	    	       	  	  	 
    	  	       	  	   	      	   	 	   	    
  	  	       	      	    	   	     	     	       	  
   	 	       	     	     	  	     	    	    	  
      	      	  	      	     	      		  	 	       
      	       	      	    	  	  	 	     	      	   
     	     	 		     	  	      		   	   
    	  	     	     	    	      	     	    	 	      
      		     	  	   	 	     	   	 	   
    	     	 	  	     	      	  	  	       	  
      		   	   	    	  	     	     	  	     
    	       		   	 	     	  	     	    	  
 
